NEW PROJECT PLAN
Prioritized Refinements (Based on Urgency):

P0 - Must Do Immediately:
Set up project structure
Implement loguru logging in mainScript.py
Implement aggressive error handling in mainScript.py
Create brand_input.json with the most important brands (based on your manager's feedback)
Test mainScript.py to call search.py and log the returned links
P1 - High Priority (After P0):
Implement functions in search.py, scrape.py, clean.py, response.py.
Complete functions in mainScript.py
Implement clean.py (prioritizing key cleaning tasks)
Implement time.sleep(x) for rate limiting (if necessary)
Implement simple retries
Update Gemini prompt to follow structured output and request snippets
Test the pipeline end-to-end on a small subset of brands (3-5) and manually verify the results
P2 - Low Priority (If Time Allows):
Implement Brave Search (if Jina Search is subpar)
Implement parallel workers (for faster processing)
Address memory usage issues (if they arise)
project structure


modules (py files here only contain functions/objects which I'll import)
    search.py (make call to Jina Search)
    scrape.py (make call to Jina Reader)
    clean.py (my own cleaning, chunking & positioning functions)
    response.py (make call to Gemini for final response and write to output json)
config.py (jina config, gemini config, search keywords, prompt)
.env (API keys)
mainScript.py (orchestrate the full data pipe, try/except and log all intermeditate steps)
data
    brand_input.json
    brand_output.json
logs
    <error logs here>
    
    
brand_input.json
{
    brand : {name : "H&M", domain : "www2.hm.com/en_in"},
    ...
}

brand_output.json 
{
    brand : {name : "H&M", domain : "www2.hm.com/en_in", reponse : <final response from Gemini>},
    ...
}
Use loguru
No logging and error handling inside modules unless necessary. Modules are simple. Every function only does 1 thing.
All control should be centralised in mainScript.py. Log everything, handle all errors here.
Figure out what clean.py will do exactly (will do after I have the rest of the setup ready)
Implement 
    error handling
    logging (all intermediate data and any errors)
    don't redo brands that have outputs already
    Brave search if Jina search is subpar (forget this for now)
    request rotation (just use time.sleep(x) for now)
    retries
    parallel workers (later)
    
Update Gemini prompt to follow this structured output 
"H&M": {
        "name": "H&M",
        "domain": "www2.hm.com/en_in",
        "delivery_charges": "₹199",
        "delivery_time": "3-7 business days",
        "return_period": "30 days",
        "refund_method": "Original method of payment"
    }
Ask gemini to return snippets from which it extracted this^ info. Also return any additional info that's relevant but doesn't fit the schema. This will make final stage debugging way easier.

3. Memory Concerns: 10 Pages of Data to Gemini?

Potential Issue: Yes, there's a potential for memory issues if you're assigning 10 pages of data to a single variable before passing it to Gemini.
Factors:
Page Size: How large are these pages? (Kilobytes? Megabytes?)
Data Structure: How are you storing the page data? (Strings? Lists? Dictionaries?)
System Memory: How much memory does your machine have?
Mitigation Strategies:
Chunking: If the pages are very large, consider breaking them down into smaller chunks before passing them to Gemini. You're already planning to do this in clean.py, so this is a natural fit.
Streaming: If you're scraping the pages directly from the web, consider using a streaming approach to avoid loading the entire page into memory at once.
Garbage Collection: Ensure that you're not holding onto unnecessary data in memory.
Recommendation: Monitor your memory usage as you're testing the pipeline. If you start to see memory issues, implement one of the mitigation strategies above. I think it won't be a big deal.